Hahahaha
Master, the evidence is now conclusive
You still don't plead guilty
Queen, your subordinates are not lying
What I saw that day was the truth
It seems that the Warlord's collaboration with the enemy and treason is true
Thinking of the war emperor, it turned out to be like this
My collaboration with the enemy and treason is a capital offense
We can't let Shiyun do this to us
He's going to laugh at me and the whole country disappears from the wine table
nonsense
That's not my last name.
Master, you still want to quibble
This was found in your room
I have been following the emperor's side
Never left
I have never seen this letter before
This was clearly deliberately placed in the emperor's room by someone
Master Concubine, you have been with Anytime Cloud for many years
Of course you have to speak for Shi Yun
But everything you said
No one will believe it at all
Queen
Shi Yun's room will never let anyone in
So this letter is his.
I already said this bottle is not mine
Shi Yun, you still want to quibble
This is the queen
Send someone to find it in your room
The empress has been in retreat for many years
What did he do during this time?
We don't know anything.
Maybe Shi Yun was in these years
Colluded with the generals of the enemy country to penetrate
Xiaoyao Emperor retired for many years
The Shi Army has been secretly tracking
The Queen has no clue to the whereabouts of the Queen
The situation you mentioned can't happen at all.
The Shi Family Army has always been in charge of Shi Yun
The heart of the Shi Army
I can't tell if I still respect the queen
I'm afraid the entire Shi family army is in Bao Pi
Cuihua leaves a mission in the political ups and downs
Learn to Hazard Cliffs
I also ask your emperor to give the people of Xuan Kingdom an explanation
Shi Yun, as long as you disappear
No one stopped me